(LOOΠΔ TV coming back to Seoul!)
(Here is the girls of LOOΠΔ)
LOOΠΔ: Hello~
Choerry: It's the last day of my music video shooting!
Kim Lip: Me and JinSoul are going to film the MV with Choerry today!
JinSoul: Surprise guests!
HaSeul: And me and ViVi will come along with them and support Choerry!
JinSoul: It's been a while!
(It feels like we haven't seen ViVi for a while!)
Choerry: Well, shall we move to the MV set?
(Choerry who is this month's king of practice!)
(Let's start to film the group dance scene!)
HaSeul: She looked very happy at the top of the dacne scene...
HaSeul: She did it like this!
HaSeul: She's so cute. Becasue she is still a baby to us~
ViVI: Choerry is so cute~~